welcome to my Thanksgiving party so um
Pikachu will be serving us today what do
you think anyway pitches that he cooked
the most greatest in the world like like
one of the greatest friends of world but
he said it isn't turkey what I look
shirkii where birds you say that again
at this party I'll kill you oh I thought
you were he was your friend um yeah but
I kill him that's my girl like that's my
girl like a lot right yeah so yeah
thanks and just so you know yeah yeah
just well Pikachu Brennan the dinner
Pikachu I have made my most greatest
food in the world my most greatest
recipe I'm about to bring you Turkey you
said you weren't gonna cook turkey where
Perez we don't eat turkey I Derby I'm
sorry I must have failed you i'm so
sorry papa papa I do not take stories
what's gonna happen to me oh well
nothing much just a bit of pain oh
please Mercy Mercy Mercy not gonna
happen
guess it I wasn't supposed to be eating
the turkey I was a loss I know you
weren't oh crap do you know what this
means i can eat the turkey no it means
war well you know I really didn't mean
to I was hungry and he obviously only
made this so it's like we got nothing
else to eat still not cannibals yeah
yeah yeah well it's like the only booty
out and I'm a payday that I just kind of
fine we don't blame me but if it ever
happens again we will start war do you
what did you pay pity given us um maybe
you did didn't you pick up jo yes um are
you paid to do this um no wait what no
really no no I I just why I'm oh this
must be the wrong dinner I cry I brought
up the wrong dinner this is the dinner
with my wife I was playing a new season
sorry well what's our dinner um wait a
second where's blackbird sorry i'm late
what happened um Pikachu accidentally
gave out his wife and his dinner for
tonight which was turkey and we all got
mad pig ate some of it and yeah that's
what you missing well what's our dinner
what's on one sure dinner thing what's
lunch then um I don't know
let me just go to the big e barn and go
get some burgers yeah burgers yummy
burgers loza's not pick me to tell me
burgers burgers my favorite are we gonna
go to Burger palace Burger King or
McDonald's Burger King McDonald's
McDonald's Burger palace McDonald's okay
McDonnell's it is let's go
wait for me hey yeah come to mcdonalds
with you you have to drive us you might
as well yes happy thanksgiving thank you
for watching